Oracle VM 3.2 Storage Certification Testkit

The Storage Certification Testkit is a set of automated tests for certifying 
NAS and SAN Storage arrays with Oracle VM 3.2.  

The Certification Testkit consists of three separate test suites. 

1. Test Suite 1: iSCSI and Fibre Channel with the Oracle Generic SCSI Plugin[1].
   Verifies standard storage operations using the generic SCSI plugin ensuring
   that discovery, refresh, and various LUN, repository, and multipath 
   operations can be performed on the storage array. The storage array can be 
   certified for either Fibre Channel or iSCSI (or both).

2. Test Suite 2: iSCSI and Fibre Channel with Vendor-Specific SCSI Plugin.
   Verifies additional features that are only available in vendor specific
   plugins.  The storage array may be certified for Fibre Channel or iSCSI
   (or both) with single or multiple paths to the storage array through
   dm-multipath. The vendor specific storage plugin being certified with this
   test suite must be obtained from the storage vendor.

3. Test Suite 3: File Server (NFS) using the Oracle Generic NFS Storage Plugin
   Verify network file server operations, ensuring that the network file
   server is properly recognized and usable by the Oracle VM Manager.


For Fibre Channel and iSCSI, depending on the plugin, the following Test 
Suites will be executed:
1. If the array is not using a Storage Connect Plugin (i.e., the -p
   option is not specified on the command-line when the test is initiated):
   * Only Test Suite 1 will be executed 
2. If the array is using a Storage Connect Plugin (i.e., the -p option
   is specified on the command-line, and a Storage Connect plugin
   been installed on the OVS servers):
   * Test Suite 1 can be executed if the --force option is set.
   * Test Suite 2 will be executed.

Test Suites 1 and 2 are not intended to run together within a single execution 
of the test script.  This avoids issues with storage arrays that do not support 
mapping initiators to multiple access groups.  If the array you are 
certifying supports this feature, the test script can be forced to run both 
Test Suites 1 and 2 in a single execution of the test script by specifying 
the --force option.

If a Vendor plugin is being used, and the storage array being certified 
does not support initiators being mapped to multiple Access Groups, 
all Access Groups created for Test Suite 1 must be deleted prior to
running Test Suite 2.

** For specific details about test cases, please see the 
   TestCase_descriptions.txt file included in the tarball.



Prerequisites:
1. Four servers on the same network.
   * One server configured as the OVM Manager Server (OVMM)
     The OVMM server can be a VM.
     ** The OVMM Manager must have the following configuration:
	* 6GB RAM (minimum)
	* 64bit x86_64 processor, 1.83GHz or more
	* Allocated Swap Space of 2.1GB or more
	* Hard disk with 5GB in /u01, and 2GB in /tmp
	* Oracle Database Standard Edition (SE)	  
	* One of the following Operating Systems
	  * Oracle Linux 5u5 (64bit) or newer
	  * Oracle Linux 6 (64bit) or newer
	  * RHEL 5u5 (64bit) or newer
	  * RHEL 6 (64bit) or newer

   * Two servers configured as Oracle VM Servers (OVS).  These will be
     referred to below as the Master and Secondary servers.  The 
     distinction between the Master and Secondary servers is arbitrary.
     ** Each of the two OVS Server nodes must have the following
        hardware configurations:
	* 4GB RAM (minimum)
	* 64 bit x86_64 processor
	* Hardware Virtualization support enabled (VT-x for Intel CPUs
	  and AMD-V for AMD CPUs)
	* Dual core CPU or multiple CPUs are recommended to run multiple 
	  guest operating systems

   * One server from which the testkit will be executed.  This can be a
     desktop machine or VM or even the same machine (or VM) as the OVMM
     server.  This server will be referred to below as the Test Server. 

2. A VM Network.  This can be the same public network as the four
   servers above, or a private network that is accessible by the
   two OVS servers.

3. A Storage array on the same public network as the four servers
   above, or on a private network that is accessible by the two OVS
   servers.
   * Must support the Fibre Channel and/or iSCSI protocols
   * Must support the creation of LUNs
   * Must support the mapping and unmapping of LUNs

4. A NAS Storage server (for NFS certification only) on the same public 
   network as the four servers above, or on a private network that is 
   accessible by the four servers.


5. Network access to downloadable OS ISO images for Virtual Machines.
   The testkit scripts will create Virtual Machines from ISO images.  
   You will need to supply the URL to a downloadable ISO image in 
   the configuration file. You can download ISO from Oracle's 
   Software Delivery Cloud, and upload them to your local HTTP File server.
   * Go to: https://edelivery.oracle.com/linux 
   * Login and accept the conditions.
   * Search for Oracle Linux 
   * Download DVD ISO images.


6. Network access to downloadable Virtual Machine Templates.
   The testkit scripts will create Virtual Machines from VM Templates.
   You will need to supply the URL to a downloadable VM Template
   on your local HTTP File Server, in the configuration file.  
   For more information on how to create your own templates, 
   * Go to: http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/server-storage/vm/downloads/vm-jeos-083859.html
   
   Or to download pre-built VM Templates from Oracle's Software
   Delivery Cloud:
   * Go to: https://edelivery.oracle.com/oraclevm
   * Login and accept the conditions.
   * Search for Oracle VM Templates, x86 64
   * Once you have the page full of search results, look for 
     "Oracle VM Templates for Oracle Enterprise Linux 5 Media Pack for x86_64 (64 bit)"
   

7. Network access to a downloadable Virtual Machine Assembly.
   The testkit scripts will create Virtual Machines from VM Assemblies.
   You will need to supply the URL to a downloadable VM Assembly
   on your local HTTP File Server, in the configuration file.
   You can download pre-built VM assemblies from Oracle's 
   Software Delivery Cloud, and upload them to your local HTTP
   file server:
   * Go to: https://edelivery.oracle.com/oraclevm
   * Login and accept the conditions.
   * Search for Oracle VM Templates, x86 64
   * Once you have the page full of search results, look for 
     "Oracle VM 3 Templates (OVF) for Oracle Linux 6 Media Pack for x86_64 (64 bit)"


Setup:
1. Install Oracle VM Server (OVS) on the two machines designated as
   the OVS Master and Secondary Servers.  View full instructions on 
   how to install the OVM Server in the OVM 3.2 Install Guide, 
   Chapter 2:
   * http://docs.oracle.com/cd/E35328_01/E35330/html/vmiug-server-installation.html

2. Install Oracle VM Manager (OVMM) on the machine designated as the OVM
   Manager.  View full instructions on how to install the OVM Manager
   in the OVM 3.2 Install Guide, Chapter 4:
   * http://docs.oracle.com/cd/E35328_01/E35330/html/vmiug-manager-installation.html

3. Install the OVM Storage HCL Testkit on the Test Server:
   Software Prerequisites (Test Server only):
   * One of the following Operating Systems:
     * Oracle Linux 5u5 (64bit) or newer
     * Oracle Linux 6 (64bit) or newer
     * RHEL 5u5 (64bit) or newer
     * RHEL 6 (64bit) or newer
   * python-2.4.3 (or newer)
   * tcl-8.4.13 (or newer)
   * expect-5.43 (or newer)
   * gzip
   * tar
   * write access to /tmp
     (All of these software packages come standard in the OL5 distribution)

   How to Install the testkit:
   Unpack the Oracle_Storage_HCL_Testkit.tgz package in any directory on 
   the Test Server. 

   For a detailed description of the test files, please see the 
   TestScript_descriptions.txt file.

Prerequisites for Fibre Channel with the Oracle Generic SCSI Plugin
  1. Using the native interface to the SAN storage array, 
     unmap any LUNs which have previously been mapped to the
     OVS Servers.
  2. Create 6 LUNs:
     a. 30G, unmapped 
     b. 10G, unmapped 
     c. 10G, unmapped 
     d.  5G, unmapped 
     e.  5G, unmapped 
     f.  2G, unmapped 


  iSCSI Prerequisites:
  1. Using the native interface to the SAN storage array, 
     unmap any LUNs which have previously been mapped to the
     OVS Servers.
  2. Create 6 LUNs:
     a. 30G, unmapped 
     b. 10G, unmapped 
     c. 10G, unmapped 
     d.  5G, unmapped 
     e.  5G, unmapped 
     f.  2G, unmapped 


Configuring the Environment for Test Suite 2
No specific setup is required to test and certify the storage array using 
Fibre Channel or iSCSI with a Vendor-Specific Plugin. However, please note 
the following:
  1. If the SAN Storage Array does not support having initiators mapped
     to multiple Access Groups, all Access Groups created for 
     Test Suite 1, MUST be deleted prior to running Test Suite 3.
  2. All previously mapped LUNs should be unmapped from the OVS servers
     prior to starting the tests to avoid name collisions and disk
     space restrictions.


Configuring the Environment for Test Suite 3
Configure the storage array as described below to test and certify it as 
a File Server using NFS with the Oracle Generic Network File System Plugin[4]:
Prerequisites for NFS:
  1. Create two exportable filesystems on the storage array. The 
     filesystems should be a minimum of 20G each.
  2. On each of the filesystems, create these two directories:
     a. /export1  
     b. /export2
  3. Export the filesystems.



Running the Automated Tests:
The automated portion of the certification process is performed by the 
runCertificationTests script, which was installed into the directory 
where you uncompressed the HCL Test Kit tar file.  The script will prompt 
the user for configuration information if a config file is not provided on 
the command line, and the user’s responses will be recorded in a new config 
file. After the required configuration is provided, the tests are highly
interactive.  You will be prompted to execute manual operations (map, unmap,
and resize LUNs) in between test cases.  Once you have completed the 
requested changes, the test will resume.  

A sample config file has been provided for your convenience.  Please see 
ovm-hcl-config.sample in the same directory where you uncompressed the HCL 
Test Kit tar file


Usage: runCertificationTests  [-hfgiknpv] [-c | --config CONFIGFILE] [--force]

The Certification Testkit consists of three separate test suites:
1. iSCSI and Fibre Channel with the Oracle Generic SCSI Plugin.
   Verifies standard storage operations using the generic SCSI plugin ensuring
   that discovery, refresh, and various LUN, repository, and multipath 
   operations can be performed on the storage array. The storage array can be 
   certified for either Fibre Channel or iSCSI (or both) with single or 
   multiple paths (Fibre Channel only) to the storage array through 
   dm-multipath.

2. iSCSI and Fibre Channel with Vendor-Specific SCSI Plugin.
   Verifies additional features that area only available in vendor specific
   plugins.  The storage array may be certified for Fibre Channel or iSCSI
   (or both) with single or multiple paths to the storage array through
   dm-multipath. The vendor specific storage plugin being certified with this
   test suite must be obtained from the storage vendor.

3. File Server (NFS) using the Oracle Generic NFS Storage Plugin
   Verify network file server operations, ensuring that the network file
   server is properly recognized and usable by the Oracle VM Manager.

Options:
  -c CONFIGFILE, --config=CONFIGFILE
                        The full path to your config file.  If this option is
                        omitted, you will be prompted to enter the required
                        information and a new config file will be generated.
  -f, --fibrechannel    Select this option if you would like to run the Fibre
                        Channel tests.
  --force               By default, Test Suite 1 and Test Suite 3 aren't run
                        in sequence to avoid issues with FC or iSCSI
                        initiators being mapped to multiple initiator groups.
                        If the storage array being certified supports having
                        FC WWN/initiators or iSCSI Node Names/initiators in
                        multiple initiator groups, it is possible to run Test
                        Suites 1 and 3 together by setting this option.
  -g, --getlogs         Use this option if you would like to gather admin logs
                        from the OVM Manager and Servers after a test run has
                        already completed.  If this option is specified, no 
                        other tests will be run.  A config file is required to 
                        perform these operations, therefore if the -c option is	
                        not set you will be prompted to create a new config 
                        file.
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -i, --iscsi           Select this option if you would like to run the iSCSI
                        tests.
  -k, --cleanup         If this option is set, only the cleanup scripts will
                        be run.  A config file is required to perform these
                        operations, therefore if one is not supplied on the
                        command line, you will be prompted to create a new
                        config file.  The cleanup scripts should run be after 
                        every test run, or prior to running the testkit again
                        in the event of a failure.
  -n, --nfs             Select this option if you would like to run the NFS
                        tests.
  -p, --plugin          If you are certifying a vendor specific plugin, ensure
                        that the plugin is installed on the two OVS Servers,
                        and select this option.  You will be prompted to
                        select the correct plugin name at run time.
  -v, --verbose         If you would like more output, please select this
                        option.



Examples:
To run the Fibre Channel and NFS tests using the Oracle Generic Plugins,

       runCertificationTests -fnv --config ./my-config


To run the iSCSI tests with both Oracle Generic and Vendor-Specific Plugins 
(provided the storage array supports having Fibre Channel WWN/initiators or 
iSCSI Node Names/initiators in multiple access groups),

      runCertificationTests -ipv --force --config ./my-config


To run the Fibre Channel and iSCSI tests using the Oracle Generic SCSI Plugin,

      runCertificationTests -fiv --config ./my.config


To clean up the environment after a test run has successfully completed, 
or prior to kicking off a new test run in the event of a test failure.  
It is strongly recommended that the cleanup scripts are run after every
test run, and in between every test run in the event that multiple protocols 
are being certified.

      runCertificationTests -kv --config ./my.config



Automated Test Logs:
All of the test output and logs are written to a directory under /tmp/OVM_HCL
that is named based on the time stamp from the run start time.  For example:

     /tmp/OVM_HCL/125114-12032012

At the end of each run, AdminServer and CLI logs are gathered from the OVM 
Manager, then copied to the test run log directory.  The scripts also log
into the OVM Servers and run sosreport.  The resulting tarball, as well
as the ovs-agent logs are then copied to the test run log directory.
Finally, a tarball is generated from the contents of the log
directory.  The tarball is named ovm-storage-hcl_<timestamp>.tgz.
For example:  ovm-storage-hcl_125114-12032012.tgz

Submitting Results:
Please follow the instructions below for creating a certification request
in Bugzilla.

Oracle utilizes Bugzilla (http://bugzilla.oracle.com) to initiate certification 
results submission and to file bugs against the automated testkit. 

As Bugzilla is already used to submit bugs against Oracle Linux and Oracle VM, 
we have expanded the scope of this system to also include certification results
and bug submission. The process to initiate a new submission is outlined below:

1. Partners submitting their certification results will create a user 
   account on bugzilla.oracle.com and send email to the Oracle Partner Team 
   informing them about the creation of the account.

2. The Oracle team will coordinate with the Bugzilla administrator to grant 
   the new account the access rights necessary to submit certification results.

3. Once the account access rights are granted, the Oracle team will inform 
   the account creator that the account is ready.


4. Partners can now initiate a request to review the certification results 
   as described below. Note that the visibility of the entry, by default, 
   is restricted to the filer and the hardware certification team at Oracle. 
   If you wish to add visibility for other individuals, then please add their 
   email IDs in the CC list.

   a. Locate the tar file described under Automated Test Logs.
   b. Collect the completed checklists for the manual tests and create a tar file 
   c. Create a compressed tar file that includes the completed certification 
      checklists from the manual tests. Use the following convention to name 
      the file:

      <STORAGE-ARRAY-NAME-WITHOUT-SPACES>-<OVM-VERSION>-<DATE>.tar.gz
 
      Example:  
      Abc-Array-X100-OVM31-2012-12-31.tar.gz

   d. Log into ftp.oracle.com anonymously and upload the two tar files from a 
      and b above to the /support/incoming/ directory.
   e. Using the Bugzilla account you created above, login to http://bugzilla.oracle.com 
      and create a “New” request.
   f. From the product list, select “Oracle HW Test kit”. If this is not in the list, 
      then steps 1 - 3 above have not been completed.
   g. From the component list, select “storage_cert”.
   h. In the summary field, enter the name of this certification project using a combination 
      of server name and the Oracle VM version, preferably without spaces, as follows:

      <STORAGE-ARRAY-NAME>-<OVM-VERSION>

      Example:
      Abc-Array-X100-OVM31


   i. Select the “Show Advanced Fields” link which will bring up some 
      previously hidden fields, one of which will be the URL field. Update t
      his URL field with the filename of the tar file that was uploaded to the
      oracle ftp site. You may add a brief description or comments in the 
      Description field before hitting “Submit Bug”.
   j. To re-upload log tar files, upload the new log tar files to the ftp site.
      Then update the comments in your Bugzilla request with the URL to your 
      newly uploaded file name. Change the “Status” field of the Bugzilla 
      request to “NEW” and submit.


Once the Bugzilla request is created and the logs are uploaded, the Oracle 
certification team will initiate the action to review the test results. The 
certification team will communicate the results or questions with the partner 
through this Bugzilla entry.

NOTE: The above process should be followed to facilitate the download and 
      review of logs quickly. This process is applicable to submit results 
      for both the Generic Plugin and the Storage Connect Plugin.

For further information, please contact hcl-info_ww@oracle.com

OVM 3.2 Documentation: http://docs.oracle.com/cd/E35328_01/
OVM 3.2 User Guide: http://docs.oracle.com/cd/E35328_01/E35332/E35332.pdf
OVM 3.2 Install Guide: http://docs.oracle.com/cd/E35328_01/E35330/E35330.pdf
OVM 3.2 CLI Guide: http://docs.oracle.com/cd/E35328_01/E35336/E35336.pdf
OVM Overview and Technical White papers: http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/server-storage/vm/overview/index.html
Oracle Software Delivery Cloud: https://edelivery.oracle.com/



Known issues:
 1. iSCSI initiator names:  When OVM configures the iscsi connection with 
    the Storage Server, it uses the iSCSI Node Name found in 
    /etc/iscsi/initiatorname.iscsi instead of the name returned by 
    iscsi-iname.

    The name in initiatorname.iscsi is created by OVM and does not match the
    name in iscsi-iname.  When running the Generic iSCSI tests, after you've 
    installed OVS on the servers, make sure to update the iSCSI Access Groups 
    on the storage array with the correct iSCSI Node Names.  The tests will 
    fail when they can't find any LUNs, and with iSCSI, using the wrong Node 
    Name is often the culprit when LUNs that have been mapped to the OVS servers
    don't show up in the OVM Manager.

 2. Running Vendor Plugin tests (Test Suite 2).  During the test run, after 
    the initial setup steps, you will be prompted to select the name of the 
    plugin.  This prompt has a timeout of 15 minutes, and the test will 
    terminate if the plugin is not selected in time.  This prompt happens
    within the first 5 minutes (typically) of starting the Vendor Plugin tests,
    and therefore it is important that you wait for the prompt before walking 
    away from the tests.

 3. Running Vendor Plugin tests (Test Suite 2).  During a successful Vendor 
    Plugin test run, all LUNs and Access Groups which are created by the 
    scripts are also deleted by the scripts.  In the event of a test failure, 
    the LUNs and Access Groups may not be deleted.  LUN and Access Group 
    names are hard coded into the scripts, and therefore subsequent runs 
    of the Vendor Plugin tests will fail due to name collisions with previously
    created LUNs and Access Groups.  In the event of a test failure, the user
    will need to manually delete the LUNs and Access Groups created by the 
    scripts prior to re-running the tests.

 4. Creating Storage and VM networks.  Take note that when specifying ports 
    for the VM and Storage networks in the config file, that if you use bonded 
    NIC interfaces, you need to specify the bondX interface instead of ethX.  
    If there is a question of how the Ethernet ports have been configured on 
    your servers, check the output of ifconfig or view the ifcfg-ethX files 
    in /etc/sysconfig/network-scripts/ for specific details on how the ports 
    have been configured.

 5. Insufficient disk space.  During the clone tests (Vendor Plugin, Test 
    Suite 2 only), if there is insufficient disk space available on the 
    volume to create LUNs and LUN clones, the tests will fail.  Please
    ensure there is adequate free disk space on the volume (a minimum of 
    200G free before tests start) to create all of the required LUNs and 
    LUN clones. 

 6. Incomplete config files.  During the config file construction phase, the 
    user is prompted to enter values for all required variables for all of the
    tests, regardless of the protocol being tested.  The user may skip entering
    information for those variables which do not apply to the protocol being 
    certified.  The script will attempt to guess at correct values for some 
    of the skipped variables, and it will set default values for others.  
    Those variables which have been set to a default value of 'undefined' or 
    'UNSUPPORTED' during the config file construction are required by multiple 
    scripts, and must not be left blank; a value of 'undefined' or 'UNSUPPORTED'
    is checked by many of the scripts and is therefore required in lieu of a 
    value supplied by the user.  Users choosing to create a config file 
    manually, without the aid of the runCertificationTests script, run the risk
    of tests failing due to the config file being incomplete.

 7. iSCSI and CHAP Authentication during Generic Plugin tests.  During the 
    config file construction phase, the user is prompted to declare whether 
    or not CHAP Authentication is supported for iSCSI on the storage array 
    being certified.  If the user skips the question or answers 'no', the 
    CHAP_UserName variable in the config file is set to 'UNSUPPORTED'.  
    When the CHAP_UserName variable is set to 'UNSUPPORTED', all iSCSI 
    CHAP tests will be skipped.  If the CHAP_UserName variable is set to 
    any other value (whether blank or missing from the config file entirely)  
    the iSCSI CHAP tests will be attempted.  The CHAP_UserName variable
    must be set when running the Generic iSCSI tests.

 8. If a fatal error is encountered during the execution of the tests, no 
    attempt to clean up the environment is made.  In the event that this
    happens, the user is strongly encouraged to run the cleanup scripts 
    prior to re-starting the tests.  This can be done by entering 
    the following command:

    	./runCertificationTests -k -c <your config file>

    If a fatal error happens during the Vendor Specific plugin tests 
    (test suite 2), it will be necessary to manually delete the LUNs
    and Access Groups created by the scripts from the Storage Array
    prior to running the tests a second time.

 9. The script tries to wait a sufficient amount of time to allow storage 
    changes to be updated on the servers, and those changes to then be
    propagated to the OVM Manager.  Wait times have been specified by
    determining how long (on average) a job takes to complete and information
    to be propagated appropriately; however, on occasion, some operations
    take longer than expected and the specified wait times are not long 
    enough, and in those cases the test will fail. 

10. The OVM CLI has a default timeout of 15 minutes before it terminates
    ssh sessions.  Occasionally some actions: e.g. downloading an iso image,
    take longer than 15 minutes to complete and the ssh session is terminated 
    by OVM while the testkit waits for the task to complete.  The testkit 
    will issue a watchdog timeout when a task takes longer than 15 minutes
    to complete, in order to avoid failures associated with trying to 
    issue commands over a closed ssh session.

11. Running the cleanup scripts between test runs.  Each test makes the 
    assumption that it is running in a clean environment, and no actions 
    are taken to ensure that the environment is clean prior to starting 
    the tests.  This was a design decision to allow users to run the manual
    test steps on an environment that had already been setup by the test 
    scripts.  The issue with this is that the existance of vNICs that are
    created by one test script are not verified to be correct (i.e. on the 
    VM network) prior to their use by another script.  The cleanup scripts 
    remove all known vNICs to avoid this issue, but they do not remove user 
    created vNICs.

12. User created vNICs.  Each of the scripts creates a certain number of 
    vNICs for use with the VMs that are created at run time.  In the event
    that a user-created vNICs exists on the OVM Manager, these vNICs may cause 
    a test failure primarily due to the vNIC not being on the VM network.  
    Users are strongly encouraged to run the cleanup scripts, and manually 
    delete all user created vNICs from the OVM Manager, prior to starting 
    a test run.  



Footnotes:
[1] Please refer to the OVM 3.2. User Guide, section 4.3 for more information
    about the Oracle Generic SCSI Plugin for Fibre Channel and iSCSI.
    http://docs.oracle.com/cd/E35328_01/E35332/html/vmusg-storage-plugin.html
    
[2] Access Groups are synonymous with Initiator Groups.  Access Group is the 
    terminology used in the OVM documentation, CLI and UI.

[3] Access Group creation can be accomplished via the OVMM Manager, only when a
    vendor supplied storage connect plugin is installed on the OVS Server
    nodes.  Please refer to the OVM 3.2 User Guide, sections 4.6.4.2 
    (http://docs.oracle.com/cd/E35328_01/E35332/html/vmusg-storage-manage.html#vmusg-storage-access-group)
    and 6.10.13 (http://docs.oracle.com/cd/E35328_01/E35332/html/vmusg-servers-manage.html#vmusg-servers-initiator)
    for more details on how to create LUNs and Access Groups via the OVM 
    Manager using a vendor supplied storage connect plugin.

    If a vendor supplied storage connect plugin is not available, creating the
    LUNs and Access Groups for the OVS Servers, and the mapping of the LUNs
    to the Access Groups, must be executed using the native interface to the 
    SAN storage array

    Please refer to the OVM User Guide, section 4.6 for more information about
    how the tests will utilize the SAN Storage array during testing.
    http://docs.oracle.com/cd/E35328_01/E35332/html/vmusg-storage-manage.html

[4] Please refer to the OVM 3.2 User Guide, sections 4.2.2 
    (http://docs.oracle.com/cd/E35328_01/E35332/html/vmusg-storage-types.html#vmusg-storage-nfs)
    and 4.6.1 (http://docs.oracle.com/cd/E35328_01/E35332/html/vmusg-storage-manage.html#vmusg-storage-fs-discover)
    for more information on NAS Servers, and configuring NFS exports.

